

Murder Mystery Script


Scene: Mr.Crawford is on the ground face down with a knife in his back. The room is an old English style sitting room complete with mounted animal heads and a roaring fireplace.
it is approximately 6PM and the detective(protagonist) has gathered the three main suspects: Mrs. Crawford, the deceased's wife; Samuel Edmonton, his butler; and Mr. Crawford's son Alistair
Crawford.

[give Samuel a surname]

protagonist: A man by the name of Mr. James Crawford was murdered in this very room earlier today.
Protagonist: The only people, other than the deceased himself, that have access to this room are
Protagonist: Mrs. Eleanor Crawford, his wife,
Protagonist: Alistair Crawford, their one and only son,
Protagonist: and Samuel Edmonton, Mr. Crawford's personal butler. 
protagonist: Each of you have your own reasons to want the man dead and I will lead the investigation.
Protagonist: Lets start with you 
(CHOICE)  1. Mrs. Crawford  2. Samuel  Edmonton 3. Alistair Crawford


(CHOICE 1) Mrs. Crawford

Protagonist: Yes you Mrs. Crawford...when I talked with the help, I found out that you and your late husband no longer share a room
Protagonist: In fact you decided to move into a bedroom on the other side of the mansion a few years ago.
Protagonist: What reason could there be for that?
Samuel: (snickers)
Protagonist: Samuel! Do you have something to say on this matter?
Samuel: If I may be frank, the man was fruitier than a banana daiquiri.
Alistair:You're not Frank...your name is Samuel...I think.
Samuel:...
Samuel: Several years ago Mr. Crawford decided that he...preferred the company of other men.
Mrs. Crawford: YOU SWORE YOU WOULD NEVER TELL!!!
Samuel: That promise was to Mr.Crawford...not to you.
Mrs. Crawford: Its true...but I loved my husband and he loved me.
Samuel: He loved everyone in his own way.
Mrs.Crawford: It's true. If his secret were to be exposed it would be the social death of me. The other women at the garden club would gossip.
Mrs. Crawford: It would be terrible. 
Mrs. Crawford: I'd be the laughing stock of the country club. they'd make me team up with Glados for bridge and she's so old she can't even see the cards.
Mrs. Crawford: But that isn't enough of a reason to kill my husband.
Protagonist: I will be the judge of that.
Protagonist: Now, I think I will hear from (RETURN TO CHOICE)


(Choice 2) Samuel

Protagonist: You, Samuel...The faithful butler. You must have spend many hours at his side.
Samuel: Knowing that man made me a better person.
Alistair: More like a better foot rest.
Protagonist: What?
Alistair: Everyone knew that my father enjoyed embarrassing Samuel in every way that he could.
AListari: Most nights after Samuel made daddy's tea, daddy would ask Samuel to get down on his hands and knees and become his footrest.
Samuel: The demands of the jobs are ever changing.
Alistair: I've talked to the help. You bad mouthed daddy at every chance you could.
Alistair: The other servants said that you had plans to poison his tea.
Samuel: That was merely dark humour shared among friends. It was not a plan and as you can see, if I was planning on poisoning him, it clearly did not work.
Protagonist: I can see how you would have reason to kill him...but I'm not sure I'm convinced.
Protagonist: I should hear from (RETURN TO CHOICE)


(CHOICE 3) Alistair


Protagonist: Alistair...Mr. Crawford's one and only son. What motive could you possibly have for killing your father.
Alistair: ummm....none?
Mrs. Crawford: Money. The snivelling little shit was always after my husband for money.
Alistair: I resent that. I keep very clean and I loved daddy.
Mrs. Crawford: Only when he bought things for you, and he was always buying things for you.
Mrs. Crawford: I know you've read his will...boy never did have much respect for privacy.
Mrs. Crawford: You knew that he left you a sizeable amount of money.
Alistair: Mother!? Are you trying to accuse me of something?
Mrs. Crawford: I'm accusing you of murdering your father you imbecile.
Mrs. Crawford: Why couldn't you be smart like Mabel's boy. He's a professor at Oxford.
Mrs. Crawford: The only notable thing you've ever actually accomplished was murdering your father.
Alistair: Why would I kill father. He was about to change his will to leave me nothing.
Mrs.Crawford: Samuel did you know that.
Samuel: I did not.
AListair: oh...I didn't kill him.
Protagonist: interesting....interesting....I think I need to hear more from (RETURN TO CHOICE)


(once all three have been heard from)
Protagonist: I think I've heard enough....the killer is (CHOICE)
(CHOICE) 1. Mrs. Crawford   2. Samuel   3. AListair

(CHOICE 1) Mrs. Crawford

Protagonist: The murderer is you Mrs. Crawford!
Mrs. Crawford: Its true... I couldn't live with the shame of being married to a man like that.
Mrs. Crawford: If my friends found out... I would be ruined.
Mrs. Crawford: I thought that if I got him out of the way I could go back to having a normal life.
Mrs. Crawford: I had planned to poison his tea and blame Samuel but the man would not die.
Mrs. Crawford: I became desperate and couldn't take it any more...so I killed my husband.
Mrs. Crawford: And the funeral would have been a lavish event.
Mrs. Crawford: I can just see myself in a new black dress I'd be the talk of the town for months.
Mrs. Crawford: It would be perfect.
Mrs. Crawford: Surely there must be some mercy in your heart for an old woman who just wanted a normal life?
Protagonist: Not today ma'am. 
Alistair: Wait...Who's Shirley?

(CHOICE 2) Samuel


Protagonist: The murderer is you Samuel!
Samuel: Well the old bastard deserved it
Samuel: Using me as a footrest...How dare he.
Samuel: I knew the man's boy had a mean streak so I figured I could stab him to death and blame the son.
Samuel: Clearly I was wrong, but if I could still blame the boy I would like to.
Samuel: Oh well... maybe I can serve tea in prison.

(CHOICE 3) Alistair

Protagonist: The murderer is you Alistair!
Alistair: How dare you accuse me of that!
Protagonist: Because you killed him.
Alistair: You can't prove that I came in here and stabbed daddy.
Alistair: No one say me come in here today and you won't find my fingerprints because I wore gloves.
AListair: No one was around, and I knew that I could blame mother.
Alistair: Oh...can I take that back.
Mrs. Crawford: Never was a clever boy.
Alistair: Well you got me. I killed him, but the money should be mine.
Alistair: I deserve it, not some starving street urchin. What have the poor every done for daddy?
Alistair: Giving his money to those who don't deserve it is the real crime. Arrest him for that.
Protagonist: Arrest the dead man?
Alistair: Yes.
Protagonist: I'm afraid I can't do that.
Protagonist: Instead I'll have to settle for arresting you for the actual crime of murder.