General Script

Conrad: Another boring day at school
Conrad: Why can't anything interesting ever happen...like a ninja fight, or an alien invasion.
(Bell rings)
Conrad: I guess I need to go to class


UPON ENTERING ENGLISH CLASS

Teacher: Today we will be discussing the works of Agatha Christie,
Teacher: one of the greatest mystery writers who ever lived. 
Conrad starts day dreaming
Conrad: I could be a detective. I'd be good at solving crimes.
Conrad: I'd always figure out who did it.

START DAYDREAM MINIGAME

AFTER MINIGAME
Teacher:Conrad!
Conrad: Yes.
Teacher: Are you even paying attention?
Conrad: Of course.
Teacher: Then maybe you can tell us who you think the murderer is.
Conrad: it was ########
(can be either "the son", "the wife", or "the butler" depending on the choice from the mini-game)
bell rings
Teacher: Remember, the last two chapters are homework tonight. We will discuss the ending in class tomorrow.
Conrad:(I don't need to read to figure out who the murderer is, I've already figured it out)

UPON ENTERING SPANISH CLASS

Mrs.Sanchez(the Spanish teacher): Okay class. lets start with some simple questions
Conrad:(Please don't call on me)
Teacher: Conrad.
Conrad:...(damn)
Teacher: Dónde está la biblioteca?
Conrad:....ummmmmmmm.
Conrad:sí?
Teacher:not quite.
Conrad begins to daydream
Conrad:She has such pretty eyes.
Conrad:I wish I could do something to make her like me.
Conrad:Maybe if I knew how to Salsa dance I could impress her.

BEGIN DAY DREAM MINIGAME

Mrs.Sanchez: Conrad you are a nice boy...but what I truly desire is a man who can dance.
Conrad: I'll have you know that I am the best Salsa dancer in the world.
Mrs.Sanchez: Prove it to me. Let us dance.
(Begin the dancing)
(After the dancing)
Mrs.Sanchez: Conrad you truly are a fantastic dancer.
AFTER DAY DREAM MINIGAME
(Bell rings)
Mrs.Sanchez: Remember class...next Thursday your cultural presentations are due.
Mrs.Sanchez: Anything is acceptable. Cook something, review a Spanish movie, just pass it by me first.
Conrad:(Maybe I actually should learn to dance)

AFTER ALL THE MINI-GAMES

(final bell rings)
Conrad: Today wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.